[Docs] Revise middleware setup for Laravel localization (#2797)
area17/twill: docs/content/2_guides/2_building_a_multilingual_site_with_twill_and_laravel_localization.md

## Configure Middleware

To enable the various localization features such as route translations, language detection and redirect, register the
package's middleware.

> If you are using Laravel 11+, you may register in `bootstrap/app.php` file in closure withMiddleware:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Laravel 11+, you may register them in the `bootstrap/app.php` file, using `withMiddleware`:
```

```php
    return Application::configure(basePath: dirname(__DIR__))
        // Other application configurations
        ->withMiddleware(function (Middleware $middleware) {
            $middleware->alias([
                /**** OTHER MIDDLEWARE ALIASES ****/

>                 'localize'                => \Mcamara\LaravelLocalization\Middleware\LaravelLocalizationRoutes::class,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                'localize' => \Mcamara\LaravelLocalization\Middleware\LaravelLocalizationRoutes::class,
```

>                 'localizationRedirect'    => \Mcamara\LaravelLocalization\Middleware\LaravelLocalizationRedirectFilter::class,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                'localizationRedirect' => \Mcamara\LaravelLocalization\Middleware\LaravelLocalizationRedirectFilter::class,
```

>                 'localeSessionRedirect'   => \Mcamara\LaravelLocalization\Middleware\LocaleSessionRedirect::class,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                'localeSessionRedirect' => \Mcamara\LaravelLocalization\Middleware\LocaleSessionRedirect::class,
```

>                 'localeCookieRedirect'    => \Mcamara\LaravelLocalization\Middleware\LocaleCookieRedirect::class,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                'localeCookieRedirect' => \Mcamara\LaravelLocalization\Middleware\LocaleCookieRedirect::class,
```

>                 'localeViewPath'          => \Mcamara\LaravelLocalization\Middleware\LaravelLocalizationViewPath::class,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                'localeViewPath' => \Mcamara\LaravelLocalization\Middleware\LaravelLocalizationViewPath::class,
```

```php
use App\Models\Article;

> use Mcamara\LaravelLocalization\Facades\LaravelLocalization;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use Mcamara\LaravelLocalization\Facades\LaravelLocalization;
use Illuminate\Support\Facades\Route;
```
